README.md, before:

OpenHIM Benchmarking Suite
==========================

Benchmarks for the [OpenHIM](http://openhim.org).

# Usage

Run the suite as follows: `./openhim-bench.sh [OPTIONS...]`

Run a Benchmark Suite on an OpenHIM instance. The suite will manage the OpenHIM and mediator instances unless the -s option is used. If used, your OpenHIM instance will need to be configured correctly for the tests. You can use the /config/core-conf-mongo-setup.js script to setup your mongo instance with the correct channels and client.

**OPTIONS** are:
#### -b BRANCH
Benchmark a particular github branch. Defaults to master.

#### -h 
Print help and exit.

#### -o
Include the OpenHIE suite. Disabled by default. The benchmark suite will manage the mediator and mock registries. If you want to use your own registries, specify this configuration using the -x parameter. If not -x is not specified, config/xds-mediator.properties will be used by default.

#### -r BRANCH
[OpenHIE Suite] Benchmark a particular github branch for the mediator. Defaults to master.

#### -s TARGET
Self managed instance. The benchmark suite will not manage the OpenHIM and mediator instances. A TARGET for the benchmark must be specified and takes the form HOSTNAME:PORT (WITHOUT anything extra like the scheme, paths or forward slashes)

#### -x MEDIATOR_PROPERTIES
[OpenHIE Suite] A file containing the XDS.b Mediator properties. You can create a copy of config/xds-mediator.properties to get you started.

Commit message:

Added storing to mongo. Added basic html report generation. Lots of tweaks and minor edits.

README.md, after:

OpenHIM Benchmarking Suite
==========================

Benchmarks for the [OpenHIM](http://openhim.org).

# Usage

Usage: `./openhim-bench.sh [OPTIONS...]`

Run a Benchmark Suite on an OpenHIM instance. The suite will manage the OpenHIM and mediator instances unless the -s option is used. If used, your OpenHIM instance will need to be configured correctly for the tests. You can use the `/config/core-conf-mongo-setup.js` script to setup your mongo instance with the correct channels and client.

Benchmark results will be saved in mongo (`openhim-bench-results`) and an html report will be generated, available in the `results/` folder.

**OPTIONS** are:
#### -b BRANCH
Benchmark a particular github branch. Defaults to master.

#### -h 
Print help and exit.

#### -o
Include the OpenHIE suite. Disabled by default. The benchmark suite will manage the mediator and mock registries. If you want to use your own registries, specify this configuration using the -x parameter. If not -x is not specified, `config/xds-mediator.properties` will be used by default.

#### -r BRANCH
[OpenHIE Suite] Benchmark a particular github branch for the mediator. Defaults to master.

#### -s TARGET
Self managed instance. The benchmark suite will not manage the OpenHIM and mediator instances. A TARGET for the benchmark must be specified and takes the form HOSTNAME:PORT (WITHOUT anything extra like the scheme, paths or forward slashes)

#### -x MEDIATOR_PROPERTIES
[OpenHIE Suite] A file containing the XDS.b Mediator properties. You can create a copy of `config/xds-mediator.properties` to get you started.
